# 2019-05-20

## 18:30pm - 18:35pm Lightning Talk: Hot, Fresh Containers - How Containers Are Like Cookies!

Have you heard the container hype but don't really get what it's about? Have
you ever had trouble explaining containers to someone unfamiliar with the
technology? Analogies can help - and this one's delicious!  Come to this talk
to learn how container technology - a topic which has gone from 0 to
"Everybody's doing it" in the last 5 years - and delicious fresh-baked cookies,
aren't really so different. You'll walk away having gained a new way to frame
your discussions around container technology, whether you're explaining them to
someone who's hearing about it for the first time, or discussing them with
someone who uses them on a daily basis.
[https://sched.co/MPg2](https://sched.co/MPg2)

### Location

Hall 8.0 A1

### Speakers

Kaslin Fields

# 2019-05-21

## 07:30am - 08:45am The New Stack Pancake Breakfast

It's time for pancakes in Barcelona! Come have a short stack with The New Stack
for a Q&A with our expert panelists about the issues and options for managing
identity in service mesh environments. Cloud native security and how it affects
the pace of enterprise adoption will be the mainstay of our conversation for
this latest stop on the pancake breakfast circuit.
[https://sched.co/NxQl](https://sched.co/NxQl)

### Location

Hall 8.0 F1

## 10:20am - 10:35am Java Functions??

Java is one of the dominant enterprise development language, but it is not
often used for serverless functions. Should it be? Can it be? In this short
session we'll explore how Java has evolved and continues to evolve to be an
excellent choice for functions.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Shaun Smith

## 10:45am - 11:05am Hot, Fresh Containers - How Containers Are Like Cookies!

Have you heard the container hype but don't really get what it's about? Have
you ever had trouble explaining containers to someone unfamiliar with the
technology? Analogies can help - and this one's delicious!  Come to this talk
to learn how container technology - a topic which has gone from 0 to
"Everybody's doing it" in the last 5 years - and delicious fresh-baked cookies,
aren't really so different. You'll walk away having gained a new way to frame
your discussions around container technology, whether you're explaining them to
someone who's hearing about it for the first time, or discussing them with
someone who uses them on a daily basis.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Kaslin Fields

## 12:35pm - 12:50pm Open Serverless and the Future of Social Coding

Open source changed the way we code, but open serverless is going to change the
way software products are built. With autom(8), functions can be deployed as
open by default, discovered by others, and pulled into applications to make the
time-to-market much faster for software products. Instead of relying on number
of stars or downloads to find quality code, developers can see a rich set of
statistics that indicate the quality of functions and the developer who wrote
them. And since autom(8) is a social coding platform, developers can
collaborate on function sets to achieve a best-in-class set of funcitons for
ML/AI, graphing, trading algorithms, and much more. Join autom(8) for a talk
about the future of open source, open services and social software product
development.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Gregg Altschul

## 12:55pm - 13:10pm You've Deployed Your App in K8s, Now What?

With Oracle Kubernetes Engine (OKE) and other managed kubernetes services it is
easier than ever to get up and running and deployed your containerized
applications, but what should you be doing to make sure. This talk will take
you through some CNCF projects (and provide example deployments) that when
integrated into your environment allow you to begin understanding the system
behaviour as a whole. Once these tools are in place you can then start planning
for the future of your platform and beyond!

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Ant Kennedy

## 13:35pm - 13:50pm The Secret Sauce for Creating Video with GPUs & Kubernetes Jobs

Sauce Video is a video collaboration app for teams. We have brands and their
employees uploading content from around the world, in thousands of different
formats, and often in significant bursts. We'll talk about how the Sauce team
use a combination of Python containers, GPUs and Kubernetes Jobs to transcode
all of that content into formats suitable for streaming on both our web and
mobile platforms. We'll also show off the easiest way to edit video on your
phone, and how the data we capture from those edits is powering the intelligent
video editing assistant, our Saucerors.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Jonathan Girven

## 15:25pm - 15:40pm Considerations when Adopting Cloud Based Enterprise Container Platforms

Cloud based Enterprise Container Platforms go beyond Kubernetes, to provide
enterprises with a complete, integrated and open way to transform and modernize
their applications. In this talk, we'll look at some key considerations
Enterprises should be considering when adopting these platforms.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Jon Reeve

## 15:45pm - 16:00pm Building a Global API Gateway Service

You've written your application. Maybe this consists of some micro-services,
maybe even some "serverless" functions. What you need now is a way to route
external traffic to your app. Just stick an NGINX in front, right? Enter the
API gateway service. We'll talk about the architecture of Oracle APIGW service
which is currently being built by teams in California and Bristol and is a
global-scale multi-tenant service. We'll pull back the curtain on the
implementation choices/trade-offs we are making, describe how we ensure
efficient/secure use of our hardware and describe the supporting infrastructure
required to run this kind of service at scale.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Maddie Patrichi

# 2019-05-22

## 09:27am - 09:32am Keynote: Building a Bigger Cloud Native Tent: Addressing Cultural Change and Complexity Challenges

The Cloud Native ecosystem continues to expand dramatically but many
enterprises and traditional development teams are being left behind. The top
two issues facing our industry are cultural change for developers and
complexity -- thus we need to find ways to build a bigger cloud native tent
that is more inclusive of modern and traditional applications, cloud and
on-premises users. This keynote focuses on the challenges and opportunities to
create a more inclusive, sustainable cloud native community.
[https://sched.co/MRz1](https://sched.co/MRz1)

### Location

Hall 6

### Speakers

Bob Quillin

## 10:25am - 10:40am The Secret Sauce for Creating Video with GPUs & Kubernetes Jobs

Sauce Video is a video collaboration app for teams. We have brands and their
employees uploading content from around the world, in thousands of different
formats, and often in significant bursts. We'll talk about how the Sauce team
use a combination of Python containers, GPUs and Kubernetes Jobs to transcode
all of that content into formats suitable for streaming on both our web and
mobile platforms. We'll also show off the easiest way to edit video on your
phone, and how the data we capture from those edits is powering the intelligent
video editing assistant, our Saucerors.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Jonathan Girven

## 10:45am - 11:00am Changing the Paradigm on Cardiovascular Devices Design

The heart is a complex system. It gathers electrical depolarization, mechanical
deformation and fluid dynamics, tightly coupled in a very intricate geometry.
During the last ten years, the Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC) has been
developing a computational simulator that is able to reproduce patients
heartbeats on the computer to design and test patient-specific and more
efficient biomedical heart devices. The natural users of this tool are
cardiologist, and device manufacturers, but two main reasons hampered them to
exploit this tool for a greater good. First, the large and complex relationship
of the input parameters. Second, the large computational cost of these computer
simulations. This is why ELEM biotech, as a spin-off of the BSC, is in charge
of democratising this tool to make it available for the hands that can make
this a better world by reducing time-to-market of life-saving devices, reducing
animal experimentation and making tailor-suited treatments to each patients
disease. ELEM is targeting the complexity of the input parameters with a
biomedical interface that makes transparent all the fine-tuning numerical
parameters, to leave only the main physiologic parameters. The second main
issue is attacked with Oracle Cloud Services (OCS), that has provided with the
infrastructure to deliver the power of supercomputers at the clinician's
fingertips. Through this biomedical interface, delivered as a web application,
the simulations are configured and analysed. Afterwards, in Oracle's cloud
simulation jobs are packaged in virtual machines or containers and afterwards
executed through a workload manager. Twenty years ago, designing an airplane
through computational simulation was an impossible and crazy dream. Now,
simulation software is a critical every-day tool for automotive and aerospace
manufacturing. Today we're creating the first company targeting biomedical
simulations. Imagine how this could change the world twenty years from now.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Alfonso Santiago

## 12:35pm - 12:50pm Autonomous Database the Native way!

Oracle has announced the availability of our OCI Service Broker, our
implementation of the Open Service Broker API, which will enable developers to
natively provision and get connection info to Oracle Cloud services natively
through Kubernetes. In this talk, we'll show how to to provision an Autonomous
Database with the OCI Service Broker, and how Open Service Broker simplifies
the delivery of Oracle Cloud services to k8s.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Jonathan Schreiber

## 12:55pm - 13:10pm Open Serverless and the Future of Social Coding

Open source changed the way we code, but open serverless is going to change the
way software products are built. With autom(8), functions can be deployed as
open by default, discovered by others, and pulled into applications to make the
time-to-market much faster for software products. Instead of relying on number
of stars or downloads to find quality code, developers can see a rich set of
statistics that indicate the quality of functions and the developer who wrote
them. And since autom(8) is a social coding platform, developers can
collaborate on function sets to achieve a best-in-class set of funcitons for
ML/AI, graphing, trading algorithms, and much more. Join autom(8) for a talk
about the future of open source, open services and social software product
development.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Gregg Altschul

## 13:15pm - 13:30pm How the Blockchain Democratizes Serverless

Imagine if every line of code was shareable -- not just as a static repository,
but as a running service. Every Function can be an API. Serverless makes
nanoservices possible. The blockchain makes them practical. Whole new kinds of
businesses can be built by stringing together Serverless functions running as
public services with micropayments and accoutnig built in. Join autom(8) for a
talk exploring whats possible when serverless, containerization and blockchian
get together.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Will McLeod

## 13:35pm - 13:50pm Modern Site Reliability Engineering Toolkit

The adoption of container native and cloud native development practices
presents new operational challenges that need to be addressed. Observability,
designing and operating a more visible system, and Site Reliability
Engineering, a modern approach to software operations, provide a framework for
doing so. We will walk through the process of installing and using a modern set
of tools to help developers build, deploy, and operate microservices and
achieve operational excellence for running container-based workloads on top of
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Mickey Boxell

## 14:00pm - 14:35pm Democratizing HPC & AI: Startups Scale Up with Cloud Native 

Innovativeness, resourcefulness, and responsiveness are all part of the startup
DNA, and with the aid of the cloud native era and ecosystem, they are
unstoppable. Hear how these European startups are leveraging technologies such
as Kubernetes, containers, GPUs, Singularity and more to gain efficiencies
across architecture, time, and team to reach global scale, reshape user
interactions, and even, save lives. In this panel, startups from Barcelona and
the UK will discuss how cloud native technologies have helped unlock access to
unlimited potential across such diverse case studies as identifying and fixing
gender pay gap issues, creating computational models of virtual patients,
reinventing cloud-based video collaboration, and interpreting travel and
navigation based on time, all to transform their businesses to match behavioral
patterns within their industries.
[https://sched.co/MPY0](https://sched.co/MPed)

### Location

Hall 8.0 D1

### Speakers

Emily Tanaka-Delgado, Charlie Davies, Priya Shah, Dr. Zara Nanu, Alfonson Santiago

## 15:25pm - 15:40pm Building a Global API Gateway Service

You've written your application. Maybe this consists of some micro-services,
maybe even some "serverless" functions. What you need now is a way to route
external traffic to your app. Just stick an NGINX in front, right? Enter the
API gateway service. We'll talk about the architecture of Oracle APIGW service
which is currently being built by teams in California and Bristol and is a
global-scale multi-tenant service. We'll pull back the curtain on the
implementation choices/trade-offs we are making, describe how we ensure
efficient/secure use of our hardware and describe the supporting infrastructure
required to run this kind of service at scale.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Maddie Patrichi

## 15:45pm - 16:00pm Accelerating Your Cloud-Native DevOps

In this session we'll show you how you can accelerate your DevOps with new
cloud-native offerings from Oracle.  See how to simplify your application
development and deployment with a curated set of open source software selected
from the Cloud Native Computing Foundation projects such as Kubernetes, Docker,
Kata Containers and Gluster.  Create, maintain and deploy your apps with
confidence across hybrid cloud environments with  an open source stack that is
tested, integrated and supported worldwide by Oracle.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Jaap Romers

# 2019-05-23

## 10:25am - 10:40am Serverless with Oracle Functions!

Learn how you can build serverless applications on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
with core building blocks like Oracle Functions, OCI Cloud Events, API Gateway,
and more!

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Sachin Pikle

## 10:45am - 11:00am Deploying OKE Clusters as Infrastructure as Code

The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Container Engine for Kubernetes (OKE) supports
Infrastructure as code (IaC) tools to better manage the rapid and reliable
deployment of your clusters. In this talk, we will show how to provision an OKE
cluster using the recent public release of the Terraform OKE script on Github.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Rishi Johari

## 11:05am - 11:40am Ouch! What I Learned From Being Hit by a Serverless, Ruby Boomerang! 

Have you ever done something that's come back and bitten you? I have
(frequently). Asking an open source project to put more effort into supporting
your favourite language (Ruby in my case) is asking to be hit by your own
boomerang - "that's a great idea, why don't you get started?" In this talk I'll
describe how I got hit by my own Ruby boomerang and wound up maintaining the
Ruby FDK for the Fn project (not my day job).
[https://sched.co/MPed](https://sched.co/MPed)

### Location

Hall 8.1 G2

### Speakers

Ewan Slater

## 12:35pm - 12:50pm 5 tools later: Cloudnative devops tooling

In this talk, I'll run through demos of popular opensource devops tools in the
Cloud Native ecosystem that will be helpful when you build and manage your
clusters from a devops perspective. I'll cover tooling around cluster testing
including Sonobuoy and kubeaudit, cluster switching including kubectx and
development including KIND. Come on out to learn something new, and see how the
tooling can make you a more efficient cloud native admin!

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Karthik Gaekwad

## 12:55pm - 13:10pm Java sidecars, ultra-lightweight with the help of GraalVM.

Sidecar containers should be small, fast starting and should not use many
resources. Is Java a good choice for implementing such a service? - Of course
it is! In this talk, we will show how GraalVM can help to implement a simple
Java microservice sidecar, with a very low footprint.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Manuel Zach

## 13:15pm - 13:30pm Building a Global API Gateway Service

You've written your application. Maybe this consists of some micro-services,
maybe even some "serverless" functions. What you need now is a way to route
external traffic to your app. Just stick an NGINX in front, right? Enter the
API gateway service. We'll talk about the architecture of Oracle APIGW service
which is currently being built by teams in California and Bristol and is a
global-scale multi-tenant service. We'll pull back the curtain on the
implementation choices/trade-offs we are making, describe how we ensure
efficient/secure use of our hardware and describe the supporting infrastructure
required to run this kind of service at scale.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Maddie Patrichi

## 13:35pm - 13:50pm Accelerating Your Cloud-Native DevOps

In this session we'll show you how you can accelerate your DevOps with new
cloud-native offerings from Oracle.  See how to simplify your application
development and deployment with a curated set of open source software selected
from the Cloud Native Computing Foundation projects such as Kubernetes, Docker,
Kata Containers and Gluster.  Create, maintain and deploy your apps with
confidence across hybrid cloud environments with  an open source stack that is
tested, integrated and supported worldwide by Oracle.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Jaap Romers

## 15:25pm - 15:40pm Service Mesh: Real World Use Cases

Pushing beyond buzz words and hype, service mesh projects like Istio and
Linkerd can solve real world problems elegantly and simply, often with little
or no changes to your code. In this quick session, we'll run through a quick
tour of what a service mesh is (and is not), and then talk about some real
world use cases that you can get started with today.

### Location

Fira Hall 8, Oracle Booth D5

### Speakers

Jesse Butler
